All right.
So this is where we left off last time.
We have this rich text editor and it's working.
We have the value that you use it in interests, for example, to hedge one line so you can to we get
the the markdown.
All right.
So it will be rendered as as has Tim.
So we got the content.
Now next thing we want to have here to create a post is the title, right?
So we want to add post title and then here we write the content and then we need to have one dropdown
where we have to show all the categories that we have in our database.
So we have to fit all the categories and so them as a dropdown, often a multiple select because they
might want to select more than one category for each post.
So we need to fill the categories as well.
And then finally we're going to implement the featured image features for each post can have a main
image which we can show
as a full width image when we show each post.
And then not only that, we will also be able to embed the images.
So for example, when you're writing an article, you might have to insert many small photos to
go along with your content.
So at the moment we don't have the image option, but we need to add a function that will give us this
image option and then basically that function have to upload the images to some our back in server and
in return we get the URL and we send that here along with the post that we post can have images along
with the main featured images which we will upload individually.
All right.
So it's going to be pretty awesome.
So let's work on the next option that is showing the title are showing the input field for the first
time.
All right.
So this is a component new post we have in the state content.
Let's add one more.
Let's call it title said title equals to use state and by default it's empty.
So for the title, what you're going to do is
we going to use the input field, the input component from and we import that and then we put that.
Here.
There's underneath this.
So this input on change on user type something and we get that event and we can sit in the state.
All right.
Now, what are we going to do is we're not just going to save in the state, but we also need to save
it in the local sewers.
The reason for that is in case the basic kids reload images quickly.
So this is first.
So for example, users typing something in.
Now, when you creating a real post, you may spend so many hours to write a very long post.
Now how unfortunate it will be if you somehow close the window, reload the base of some.
Somehow the biscuits reload and if you lose all the content, that would be terrible, right?
So that that's right.
At the moment, if we refresh, I think we have already served it in the local stores.
Yes.
You can see here we have saved in the local stores.
We're not actually getting from the local stores, but since it is saved.
Oh, and let me see.
Actually, looks like it's saving.
Let me do it.
So what are we going to do with the title and the content we can save in the local stores as well until
we successfully export this and saving the database?
So until then, we're going to save you that way.
If the bins get reloaded, we don't lose any data.
Now, I'll come back to that.
Let me just to work on this one to handle input we in the event.
So we're using arrow function here and we're not just going to update this tool, we are also going
to save it in the local service.
So let me use this colleague brace in that here.
Let me use the return.
No, actually, we don't need it.
Cure.
We can just run this code said total event target value.
All right.
And we also wanted to save it in the local storage.
So local stories that said item.
Now this one, let's call it post title just so that it is clear.
It's so confusing.
So we save it by the key post title and the value is going to be whatever that is.
So this way later we can retrieve this from the local stories if for some reason Biscuits Reloaded or
something like that.
All right, so that's that.
I can give a placeholder to this one as well.
And it's a give you give you a post of time.
All right.
So value on change.
We've got that next one.
We want to if you want to control the size, you can see this default size.
But if you want to make it big, you have the option.
In InDesign, there is this property called size that you can use in your input component to size.
So it takes a string.
So let's use notice that makes it look slightly bigger.
All right.
And then looks like it's all good.
Let me just go.
Okay, so that looks good.
If you want to, you can have a bit of a gap there.
So underneath input, you're going to have a line break.
You may need more than one Lindberg.
Okay then was good.
So that's what the title does for description.
Um.
First.
Content.
That's.
Posted LeConte as soon as a Typekit to post title by Ryan.
So as you can see, it is saved here.
Now let me turn to the content actually content in there
that you don't see.
So let's go Ed on iTunes.
All right.
So we are only saving the step.
So let's do the same thing here.
Got his card address.
And then we're going to have one more line of code that to that will save a lot of stories.
So we're going to call it first content.
And the vet is going to see that this time it's going to be the and we execute that.
All right.
So this way we serve at the same time in the local stories.
Now, if you find it a bit confusing, we have so many things here that probably because I was building
another application and running on the same local host.
So let me just quickly move on that note.
Let's start from scratch.
All right.
So you can see that's the title and this is the post content.
Also, as you can see, we have it saved my favorite phrase.
We don't see that.
But luckily, we still have that in the local stories.
So we can grab it from here and put in the state.
So we can use a function to grab this value from the local stores and populate the state.
Now for some reason, sign in to looks like we have to sign in again to let's do that.
So as you can see, things like this can happen.
So that's why we have to sue in the local stores.
So luckily you can see all this.
I deleted the off from local stores and that's how we got that issue.
So you can see and that's the benefit.
If something goes wrong, we'll still be able to grab this from local search a little.
We can do that.
So for that, one thing we can do is we can go and try to populate here.
So we can put that on top outside of this component.
Or actually we can even put in take the content component, but put on top to load from local stores.
All right, so let's write a function.
Let's call it saved title.
It goes through our function.
So what it will do first is to take you first, start browsing.
We'll make sure we don't get any errors for trying to access the event from global.
So.
So if we take, if we're in the clone set environment, we're going to grab
again we take it if the local store is get item by the name of post title.
So if we have that then we would like to grab that.
Right.
So return local stores, get item postcode.
Now, of course, we need to pass this fairly so we can wrap this and use the decent boss function to
basically do pass function.
We are passing this entire value as an argument, right?
So this will this function will return the Jason the JavaScript object.
With poor style.
So whatever is there, the poor state of the valley we will get.
And that is very easy to use in our application because we have good, decent bars.
Okay, now let's copy this and do the similar thing for getting the post content.
Just saved content.
I guess we take for the post content and if it is that, we want to get that post content.
All right.
Now, when you execute this function, that will give you that will return you these values.
So we can use these functions as the default value to our states.
So for the token same title, execute that and for content.
Served content execute their.
All right, now let's go have a look here.
Okay.
So I realized what I did wrong.
So we have this issue.
I think that's because when I'm getting the value, I'm using decent pass, which is correct.
But when I was saving I didn't use decent string ify.
I think that is the problem because we have to save as this decent data here and you can see it's just
plain string here.
So let me fix that.
So let me go here on turns.
When I'm saving in the long stores, this will let me use decent string.
Fine.
So let me grab this and use intuition.
Dog string.
Fine.
And the string function.
We are passing this value so that will convert it to Jason and saving the local stores.
So that's for the title for the content.
Content.
So content we use this machine for that.
Well enough.
This is just for democracy imo that.
So when I'm saving this, also this and storing it.
All right.
So we save the distance between fine and then we retrieve using decent password.
Now it's a it's a book that had me remove the post title.
Post time.
Oh, yes.
Everything is gone.
So if we sign up again.
It's good.
A new post.
Let's try a new one.
This is my first.
This is my first post content.
Okay.
So now you can see you have the string here.
That's the key.
And that's the string.
So looks like this is the right format.
Let's add it first and make sure that it is there and we don't lose.
Okay, so don't lose.
The content is not.
Now, I think this is due to this component.
So let me come here.
So this component, it doesn't render.
Oh, kids, we used only ten, but we didn't use the value.
So on this one, I think we can use something called default value.
All right.
So when we use default value
content.
All right, so let's try give her a refresh.
And you can see now we have the value and you can continue adding or delete whatever.
Beautiful.
Awesome.
Okay, so this is great.
Mouse.
For some reason, Biscuits reloaded a user come back after five days.
Doesn't matter.
His post is still there.
We didn't say in the database, but it's still saved in the level.
Sorry.
So you can always come back and continue until he click on the publish button.
We will keep it in the local stories, but when he published then obviously we will save it in the database
and we can remove from him.